Add brief intro text to "About" page. (#4127)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/about.rst

*  **Data provenance:** Automatically track inputs, outputs & metadata of all calculations in a provenance graph for full reproducibility.
   Perform fast queries on graphs containing millions of nodes.
*  **HPC interface:** Move your calculations to a different computer by changing one line of code. AiiDA is compatible with schedulers like `SLURM <https://slurm.schedmd.com>`__, `PBS Pro <https://www.pbspro.org/>`__, `torque <http://www.adaptivecomputing.com/products/torque/>`__, `SGE <http://gridscheduler.sourceforge.net/>`__ or `LSF <https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSETD4/product_welcome_platform_lsf.html>`__ out of the box.
*  **Plugin interface:** Extend AiiDA with `plugins <https://aiidateam.github.io/aiida-registry/>`__ for new simulation codes (input generation & parsing), data types, schedulers, transport modes and more.
*  **Open Science:** Export subsets of your provenance graph and share them with peers or make them available online for everyone on the `Materials Cloud <https://www.materialscloud.org>`__.
*  **Open source:** AiiDA is released under the `MIT open source license <LICENSE.txt>`__

> See also the `AiiDA home page <http://www.aiida.net/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the `AiiDA testimonials <http://www.aiida.net/testimonials/>`__ and `AiiDA publications http://www.aiida.net/science/>`__ pages.
```
